Feature/improved docs (#1011)
10up/distributor: .github/hookdoc-tmpl/README.md

To report an issue with Distributor or contribute back to the project, please visit the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/10up/distributor/).

## Developers

### Running Locally

> If you are compiling Distributor locally, note that there is a minimum requirement of Node.js 8.10.  If you're using an older version of Node, then it will not compile correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are compiling Distributor locally, note that the recommended version of Node.js is version 16.x. The minimum version required is Node.js 8.10.

An `.nvmrc` file is included in the plugin repository. It's recommended you install [fnm (fast node manager)](https://github.com/Schniz/fnm/), [nvm (node version manager)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or similar when developing locally.
```

### Debugging

You can define a constant `DISTRIBUTOR_DEBUG` to `true` to increase the ease of debugging in Distributor. This will make all remote requests blocking and expose the subscription post type.

Enabling this will also provide more debugging information in your error log for image side loading issues. The specific logging method may change in the future.

### Application Passwords and WordPress 5.6

Application passwords are only available for live sites running over an HTTPS connection.

For your local development environment, you will need these snippets to enable application passwords without the need for an HTTPS connection.  A local development environment is one that "can reach the internet but **is not reachable from the internet**".

```php
// In your local environment's wp-config.php file.
define( 'WP_ENVIRONMENT_TYPE', 'local' );

// In a custom plugin on your local environment.
add_filter( 'wp_is_application_passwords_available', '__return_true' );

add_action( 'wp_authorize_application_password_request_errors', function( $error ) {
    $error->remove( 'invalid_redirect_scheme' );
} );
```

> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

To report an issue with Distributor or contribute back to the project, please visit the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/10up/distributor/).

## Developers

### Running Locally

> If you are compiling Distributor locally, note that the recommended version of Node.js is version 16.x. The minimum version required is Node.js 8.10.

Reviewer 2: @peterwilsoncc What do you think about support minimum `16.x`? I am getting an error on node `8.x`.

Reviewer: I could get it to install with 12 and 14 so let's set one of them as the minimum but recommend 16 per the .nvmrc file.

Reviewer 3: I have updated this to `12.x`

An `.nvmrc` file is included in the plugin repository. It's recommended you install [fnm (fast node manager)](https://github.com/Schniz/fnm/), [nvm (node version manager)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or similar when developing locally.

### Testing

The plugin contains a standard test suite compatible with PHPUnit. If you want to test across multiple PHP versions, a [Dockunit](https://github.com/dockunit/dockunit) file is included.

### Debugging

You can define a constant `DISTRIBUTOR_DEBUG` to `true` to increase the ease of debugging in Distributor. This will make all remote requests blocking and expose the subscription post type.

Enabling this will also provide more debugging information in your error log for image side loading issues. The specific logging method may change in the future.

> ### Application Passwords and WordPress 5.6

Reviewer 2: We support a minimum WordPress `5.7`. Can we update this?

Reviewer 3: I removed the "and WordPress 5.6" text since that isn't relevant anymore.
